I have seen this child
Where is he?
Where is my brother?
Hundred-Knowledge Villa
Once you enter the Villa,
you will find the answers you seek
Do you want to avenge your brother?
I do
You look just like the Young Miss
We had an agreement beforehand
If we succeed,
we escape together
If we fail,
someone must be sacrificed
She went to her death willingly
Zhao Yun can kill, too
Well?
Disappointed, aren't you?
You have suffered for so many years
Zhao Yun
This is the peace lock you gave me back then
I'm returning it to you
It really works
As long as you are safe
Zhao Yun
I am sorry
My Zhao Yun
should not have suffered so much hardship
I have failed you
So,
you killed the Manor Lord,
also for the sake of revenge?
It was for that young constable
In this Fengqi Courtyard,
there is no shortage of high officials and nobles
But the only one who wanted to redeem me
was a young constable
To redeem me,
it would take 122 years
But we were in love
We swore to save enough money together,
and fly far away
Thinking back, it was truly absurd
Siniang, you have finally arrived
The distinguished guests are waiting for you in the hall
Thank you, Master Liu, for recommending me
Siniang, you are too polite
To gain the Manor Lord's favor,
I can also bask in your reflected glory, can't I?
Siniang, please
Alright
After tonight's Hundred-Knowledge Banquet,
I will have the money to redeem myself
Wait for me
I thought good days were coming
I never expected
that this was the beginning of my nightmare
Wonderful
Yes
Lord Taiwei
A spring night is precious
This lowly one will not disturb you
Such dark and hopeless days...
I don't know how long they lasted
I never saw the young constable again
Until one day,
I heard he came to the Villa to find me,
and was killed by men sent by Master Liu
That killer
was named Zhang Shan
Miss Xiao Bai
are you looking for me?
I... I'll be gentle
No need
I am used to the pain
If you want to escape,
I can help you
Is a life of luxury not good enough?
Why escape?
If you do not escape,
make those who have hurt you
pay the price
Miss Xiao Bai,
why do you say this?
Every day, Siniang,
in the Golden Pigeon Wine you serve the Manor Lord,
you have added something
It happens to clash with the elixirs the Manor Lord takes
Doing this, Siniang,
how long will it take to get what you want?
Five years?
Ten years?
Why don't we join forces?
Let Heaven take these wicked men sooner
Satisfying